Update revoke-transact-sql.md (#6329)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/statements/revoke-transact-sql.md

|User|[REVOKE Database Principal Permissions &#40;Transact-SQL&#41;](../../t-sql/statements/revoke-database-principal-permissions-transact-sql.md)|  
|View|[REVOKE Object Permissions &#40;Transact-SQL&#41;](../../t-sql/statements/revoke-object-permissions-transact-sql.md)|  
|XML Schema Collection|[REVOKE XML Schema Collection Permissions &#40;Transact-SQL&#41;](../../t-sql/statements/revoke-xml-schema-collection-permissions-transact-sql.md)|  

  
## Examples  
  
### A. Grant and revoke
 **APPLIES TO:**  [!INCLUDE[ssNoVersion](../../includes/ssnoversion-md.md)], [!INCLUDE[ssSDS](../../includes/sssds-md.md)]  
  

>  The following example creates a demo stored procedure and a contained database user on a user database, then grants execute permissions on the user and finally remove (REVOKE) that permission from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a stored procedure `DemoProc`, and a contained database user on a user database, grants execute permissions on the user, and removes (`REVOKE`) that permission from the user.

```
